Small fixups from going through the "Open a head on testnet" tutorial (#1494)
input-output-hk/hydra: docs/docs/tutorial/index.md

```shell
mkdir -p bin
version=0.17.0
mithril_version=2423.0

> node_version=8.9.3

Reviewer: Why node 8.9?

Author: @ch1bo suggested this was the right version

i was trying 8.11, which is what is was _in the docs here_ ( but _not_ in the published docs, where it's also 8.9 - https://hydra.family/head-protocol/docs/tutorial/ ) but that release doesn't even exist on the node repo; i.e. this url - https://github.com/IntersectMBO/cardano-node/releases/download/8.11.0/cardano-node-8.11.0-linux.tar.gz - doesn't even exist.

Reviewer 2: 8.9.3 works with this mithril release and seemingly also with the hydra-node.

I'd say we use 8.9.3 for now here, but also bump it here when we switch to 9.0

</details>

Next, run a `cardano-node`:

```shell
cardano-node run \
  --config config.json \
  --topology topology.json \
  --socket-path ./node.socket \
  --database-path db
```

Once all the blocks have been replayed, you can monitor the synchronization

> status with use `cardano-cli` in a separate terminal window while the node

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
status using `cardano-cli` in a separate terminal window while the node
```

In case you don't have test ada on `preprod`, you can use the [testnet faucet](https://docs.cardano.org/cardano-testnets/tools/faucet/) to fund your wallet or the addresses above. Note that due to rate limiting, it's better to request large sums for efficiency and distribute as needed.

Something like the following (if you used the faucet to give funds only to `alice-funds.addr`):

```
# Build a Tx to send funds from `alice-funds` to the others who need them: bob
# funds and nodes.
cardano-cli transaction build \

>     --tx-in <the TxId of the faucet Tx that provided the funds> \

Author: Maybe I should include the jq command here to extract this address from the network?

}
```

:::tip
You can use the `hydra-tui` to view the state of the node and perform actions
as well. For example, to run the TUI for alice:

```

> hydra-tui -k credentials/alice-node.sk

Reviewer 2: Don't use the node keys in the hydra-tui. If we suggest to use it, we should point to the `alice-funds.sk`

```
</details>

> After you've prepared your transactions, the `hydra-node` will find all UTxO associated with the funds key and create a draft of the commit transaction. You'll then sign this transaction using the funds key and submit it to the Cardano layer 1 network.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
After you've prepared your transactions, the `hydra-node` will find all UTxOs associated with the funds key and create a draft of the commit transaction. You'll then sign this transaction using the funds key and submit it to the Cardano layer 1 network.
```
